[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna take a look at the 2018 nazi
zombie themed film overlord before we
get to it i want to encourage you to
comment on this video to enter the
giveaway it's pretty easy and super fun
last week I paired Hellfest with the fun
house 2 similarly themed movies
hopefully after watching both videos you
got the ways in which they were similar
this week you can enter by commenting on
the video what you think Friday's movie
will be in relationship to overlord you
can win some money by thinking in terms
of nazi zombies as though you would
otherwise think in any other terms I see
you let's get to it we open on a tense
scene inside the fuselage of a world war
2 transport plane approaching the
European front the USA is engaged in a
direct attack on Germany and this is the
first phase we get to know some of the
characters as they banter and
demonstrate how nervous or ready they
are for what's to come when the sergeant
enters to pep them up we find that their
particular mission is to take out a
radio jamming tower placed atop a church
this information is relayed by way of
the Sarge's best impression of dave
chappelle and white-faced support will
not make it to Jerry's defenses if we do
not get that tower down about 0 600 they
awake at nightfall to the sounds of
heavy anti-aircraft fire and 20 [ __ ]
slamming shut in unison they begin to
panic but the jump lights bring them
back to focus as they realize they're
all gonna make it off the plane one way
or another we follow our main character
Boise through the chaos and into the
water below he manages to cut himself
free and takes a quiet moment of
reflection but just a moment in the
confusion on the ground they attempt to
regroup voice borrows some equipment and
then watches helplessly as the Sarge
gets executed Ford prevents him from a
similar fate and helps him refocus his
attention on the mission at hand they
find some friends along the way lose a
friend sneak around a little find a pile
of wet and soggy remains of
indeterminate origin in the woods and
then run across a nocturnal of woodland
pedestrian they have to grab her and
discover she only speaks French oh man
they were going to Germany they must be
way off course voice does his best to
calm her Stephanie and it works
yeah sort of they have her lead the way
back to her village which is luckily the
same village they were looking for the
team goes off to scout ahead and make
sure it's safe when she is seen and
whistled upon she initiates an
unexpected trust exercise with voice the
worst kind and then goes to confront the
Germans who release her after
quicksearch voice meets back up with the
gang and now realizing they all have a
shared interest in despising Germans
they precede them more familiar in
friendly terms after settling in Ford
sends Tibbett and chase to the
rendezvous point to connect up with any
other survivors boys heads downstairs
and receives some medical aid from Chloe
who confides that her aunt has been to
the radio tower Church and hasn't been
the same since her return after a
sufficient amount of character
development the Germans arrive and do
that creepy German thing they do when
things escalate quickly boys finds
himself unable to stay still with the
situation now ratcheted up they find
themselves needing to enact their
mission quickly voices sent to bring
back Tibbett and chase however when he
is confronted by an apparently racist
dog a shepherd of some sort he runs and
jumps blindly into a truck of dead
bodies this brings him right back to the
German encampment when the truck stops
and the soldiers begin to unload it
voice finishes unloading in his pants
and then slithers off on his way he
takes advantage of the old buildings
numerous nooks and crannies and finds
the interior radio room for future
reference he ends up in a cool project
room to be envied by any Nazi scientist
full of tubes and fluids and sacks and
fluid sacks as well as the miracle of
birth he finds Jacob one of his comrades
and pulls out his stomach tube before
stealing away into the sewers and
disappearing into the night back at the
cottage the group is interrupted by
voices return upon which he begins
babbling incoherently about reanimation
and unspeakable horrors but also has
some valuable Intel thirsty for more
knowledge Ford begins an interrogation
of waffler but the info is not promising
was a little time left they finalized
their plan chase is sent to get the
German officer who he finds unresponsive
psyche he's taken down but not before
squeezing off a few rounds and chases
chest
desperate times compel boys to take
action and he gives the Nazi science
juice a try it seems to have some effect
I feel really good although this
positive phase is short-lived and chase
is able to stand up against all but the
most violent of rifle butts to the face
in the confusion waffler sneaks out and
grabs Paul on his way a firefight ensues
but he makes it out of there although
not before taking a brutal face shot
they then argue about the next steps of
the mission but ultimately agree to go
the suicide mission rap blowing the
radio tower from inside whilst saving
Paul and destroying the lab at the lab
we find that waffler deals with his
condition by turning himself into a pin
cushion while outside our protagonists
get their parts and split up
alors is the century to a secluded
location and they send him back to base
with explosives afterward Jacob and
Tibbets stay behind to draw as much
attention as possible while the others
go inside Chloe splits off to find her
brother while Boise and Ford and head to
the radio room they concurrently take
care of business with Ford setting
charges in the tower room his boys heads
down to set some in the lab he leaves
Chloe to Paul and then sends them off
but they run into some trouble on the
way
Chloe triple taps the monster but with
only momentary results she finishes the
job with a flamethrower Ford finishes
setting up his charges but is confronted
by uber waffler who destroys the
detonator he pulls forward to the lab
and then hangs him up by his rib cage he
monologues long enough to get shot up a
bit which only makes him angry while
distracted Ford pulls a jason voorhees
to free himself seeing the end is near
he produces himself this leads to a
protracted battle between Ford and
waffler that ends with boys blasting him
out of the picture Ford then locks
himself in the sinking ship and commands
voice to set the secondary detonator in
the radio room he lights off his c4 like
an m-80 right as the other zombie
soldiers finally come join the party but
nobody gets to make a wish voice makes
it out just in time and joins up with
his team in the villagers as they emerge
to radio reports of the Allied victory
boys send debriefs and gets his new
assignment keeping the secret of the lab
to himself and they all have a moment of
respite before taking their next mission
and continuing to do whatever is
necessary to finish the job and that was
Overlord in a nutshell pretty well
crafted and slick genre film worth your
attention if you are subscribed I'd love
for you to be a part of the channel I
hope you enjoyed the video and thanks
for watching